# 📅 Day 23 - 12/03/2025

## 🕣 08:23 AM - Nmap

**Platform:** [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qTaOZrDnMzQ), [Heuristica](https://www.heuristi.ca/tools/free-ai-quiz-generator)

**What I Learned:**

- Rules of Engagement
- Network Verification
- Layer 2 Host Discovery
- IP List Creation
- Layer 3 Host Discovery
- Layer 4 Host Discovery
- Port States
- Default Nmap Scans
- Specific Port Scan
- Filtered Port Scan
- UDP Port Scan
- Service and Version Enumeration Scan
- Operating System Discovery Scan
- Detection Avoidance
  - Timing of Scans
  - Decoy Scan
  - Random Host Scan
  - Spoofing Mac Address
  - Fragmented Scan
- SMB Vulnerability Scan
- FTP Vulnerabilty Scan
- VULN Vulnerability Scan
- Metasploit Vulnerability Exploitation

**Notes:**

- Good Morning! Day 23 and almost a month now, will get right back on track with the next video titled [Penetration Testing with Nmap: A Comprehensive Tutorial](https://youtu.be/wlqUO09J-nw). As usual, VMware open and Heurestica after the video for the quizzes.

- That is one long video, even longer cause I was waiting for the scans to finish on my own VMWare. I doubt Heurestica can generate good questions from this video, since the content was more visual rather than auditory, but will still give it a try

- To my surprise, it actually generated great questionsm, but I still got 8/9 on the quiz. Also, that will be the end of the day, I still have one more video in store for this step of the roadmap, which I will be watching tomorrow. Getting closer and closer to my goal, so excited! BYEBYE!

### 🕙 10:00 AM - Day End

## 📅 Day 24 - 12/04/2025

### 🕣 08:23 AM - Vulnversity

**Platform:** [TryHackMe Vulnversity](https://tryhackme.com/room/vulnversity)

**What I Learned:**

- Reconnaissance
- Locating Directories with GoBuster
- Compromise the Web Server
- Privilege Escalation

**Notes:**

- Hey hey hey! Another day, another grindin'. Started the exact time I started yesterday, which is a crazy coincidence.

- So, yesterday I said I got one more video to watch, but turns out it's a very long video of a Wireshark course, like 4 hours-ish and it covers many things more advanced than the simple fundamentalsm, which I think is irrelevant right now, since I will only be learning the fundamentals of the tools.

- I will be watching it at a later time in this roadmap, but not today! SO will mark this step as completed in the tracker and move on to the next one.

- OK, so very very good step of the roadmap now called `Do beginner labs on TryHackMe / HackTheBox` so excitingg, though I doubt I'm gonna complete one lab all by myself without any help LOL.

- Will start searching for Beginner Labs on TryHackMe, hopefully most of them are free! Found this room called [Vulnversity](https://tryhackme.com/room/vulnversity) and in that it requires me to join the [OpenVPN](https://tryhackme.com/room/openvpn) room first to know how to connect to the boxes. So, will be doing that first.

- Ok the connection should be all goods now, will now take the Vulnversity room!

- Holy Shit, that was annoying and painful af! I got really mad at Step 5 where I needed to connect to the shell a lot of times cause I keep pressing Ctrl+C cause I needed to go out text editing in the victim host and it ends up also exiting the remote shell. IDFK how to counter this and hopefully, I will learn this down the road. It has been too long in this session, so I will be ending it here now! GoodBye!!!!

## 📅 Day 25 - 12/05/2025

### 🕣 08:40 AM - Blue

**Platform:** [TryHackMe Blue](https://tryhackme.com/room/blue)

**What I Learned:**

- Nmap Recon and Vuln Searching
- Hands-On Metasploit Exploits
- Privilege Escalation Using Meterpreter
- Password Hash Cracking Using JohnTheRipper and HashCat
- Browsing Windows using Command Lines to Find Flags

**Notes:**

- Good morning! I'm back. Today, I'll be continuing more beginner labs on TryHackMe. The machine today will be [Blue](https://tryhackme.com/room/blue), wish me luck!

- Ok, this is taking a while. I'm having a problem connecting the exploit to the VMWare, it's the correct exploit and all, the instructions also states that `If this failed, you may have to reboot the target VM. Try running it again before a reboot of the target.` I already rebooted the VM twice and still no luck, maybe I'm doing something wrong?

- So, I forgot to set my LHOST in the metasploit settings, silly me :P. Hopefully that does the trick. The server keeps going out, not sure if the connection problem is on my end or the servers.

- Finally got the remote shell working, that took too long LOL. AAAND I AM DONE, this was way easier than the first one. Just had to search to crack some passwords and other stuff. But I took way longer than expected, this was supoosed to be a 30min machine smh.

- All is good though, learned some pretty good stuff. Will be ending it at this time. CYA TMRW!

### 🕥 10:24 AM - Day End

## 📅 Day 26 - 12/06/2025

### 🕣 08:42 AM - Pickle Rick

**Platform:** [TryHackMe Pickle Rick](https://tryhackme.com/room/picklerick)

**What I Learned:**

- Notes Hidden in Page Source
- Directory Busting with FUZZ
- Bypassing Command Bans by Using Other Commands

**Notes:**

- Heya, good morning! Today, I'll be doing more labs, this time I'll be doing [Pickle Rick](https://tryhackme.com/room/picklerick). It's a Rick & Morty-themed CTF, if that wasn't obvious by the title lol, I hope it's not too hard. Will start now.

- AANd I am done, that took `1 hour and 26 minutes`. But I'm not proud, I had to consult Gemini for hints and I don't like it. Although, I learned more interesting things too! That's it for today, CYA TMRW!

### 🕙 10:11 AM - Day End
